README.md, before:

Domestic Code Review
====================

### Latest Record

| # | Company | Title | Solution | TimeExpected | Difficulty |
|---|---------|-------|----------|--------------|------------|
|2017-07-13| Pivot | [MonekySteps](./MonkeyStepsPivot20170713/Description.md) | [c++14](./MonkeyStepsPivot20170713/src/monkey_step.cpp) | 60(mins) | Hard |
|2017-06-12| Amazon | [Stock Prices](./StockPrice20170612-AmazonGlobal/FinalPhase/P4/Description.md) | [c++14](./StockPrice20170612-AmazonGlobal/FinalPhase/P4/src/stock_analyzer.cpp) | 60(mins) | Medium |
|2017-06-5| Amazon | [Topk](./StockPrice20170612-AmazonGlobal/secondRound/Description.md) | [c++14](./StockPrice20170612-AmazonGlobal/secondRound/src/minHeap.cpp) | 30(mins) | easy |
|2017-03-xx| Drive.ai | [Docker Circles](./DockerCircles2017-DriveAI/P1/Description.md) | [c++14](./DockerCircles2017-DriveAI/P1/src/Tree.cpp) | 60(mins) | Hard |
|2016-12-xx| NetEasy | [KMP probability theory](./KMP-Probability/Description.md) | [C/C++](./KMP-Probability/src/programming.cpp) | 30(mins) |Hard|
|2016-11-08| DSFS | [Parenthesis Printing](./parenthesisMtch20161108-DSFS/Description.md) | [C](./parenthesisMtch20161108-DSFS/src/parenthesis_mtch.c) | 30(mins) |Easy|
|2015-10-xx| Google | [Find Errors](./findErrors201510-Google/Description.md) | [C++99](./findErrors201510-Google/main.cpp) | 5(mins) |Easy|

Commit message:

add introduction to writing modern generation of compilers

README.md, after:

Domestic Code Review
====================

### Latest Record

| # | Company | Title | Solution | TimeExpected | Difficulty |
|---|---------|-------|----------|--------------|------------|
|2018-09-10| \ | [Introduction to writing modern generation of languages](./compiler/Description.md) | [c11/c++14] | 120(mins) | Hard |
|2017-07-13| Pivot | [MonekySteps](./MonkeyStepsPivot20170713/Description.md) | [c++14](./MonkeyStepsPivot20170713/src/monkey_step.cpp) | 60(mins) | Hard |
|2017-06-12| Amazon | [Stock Prices](./StockPrice20170612-AmazonGlobal/FinalPhase/P4/Description.md) | [c++14](./StockPrice20170612-AmazonGlobal/FinalPhase/P4/src/stock_analyzer.cpp) | 60(mins) | Medium |
|2017-06-5| Amazon | [Topk](./StockPrice20170612-AmazonGlobal/secondRound/Description.md) | [c++14](./StockPrice20170612-AmazonGlobal/secondRound/src/minHeap.cpp) | 30(mins) | easy |
|2017-03-xx| Drive.ai | [Docker Circles](./DockerCircles2017-DriveAI/P1/Description.md) | [c++14](./DockerCircles2017-DriveAI/P1/src/Tree.cpp) | 60(mins) | Hard |
|2016-12-xx| NetEasy | [KMP probability theory](./KMP-Probability/Description.md) | [C/C++](./KMP-Probability/src/programming.cpp) | 30(mins) |Hard|
|2016-11-08| DSFS | [Parenthesis Printing](./parenthesisMtch20161108-DSFS/Description.md) | [C](./parenthesisMtch20161108-DSFS/src/parenthesis_mtch.c) | 30(mins) |Easy|
|2015-10-xx| Google | [Find Errors](./findErrors201510-Google/Description.md) | [C++99](./findErrors201510-Google/main.cpp) | 5(mins) |Easy|
